a criminal defense upon me queen has an
awkward dinner with her tinder date
slim in an ohio diner slim drives queen
home
afterwards his supposedly erupted
driving attracts the attention of a
police officer
who pulls the two over and makes slim
step out of the car
and the officer goes on to such slims
person
then with permissions from slim is
allowed to set his trunk
when slim asks if he could hurry as it
is cold
the officer draws his gun on flame and
when queen gets out and tries to pull
out her phone to record
he shoots her in the leg slim tackles
the officer and the scuffle ensues
resulting in slim grabbing the
official's gun and shooting him with it
queen tells slim that they either have
to go on the run or will spend the rest
of their lives in prison
when they run out of gas and the pair
flaps down a pickup truck for help
the driver edgar turns out to be a
sheriff in kentucky
at the gas station edgar gets a notice
on his radio about the ohio official's
death
and identifies queen and slim as the
suspects
they hold up there at gunpoint and steal
his stroke trapping him in their broken
dial cars trunk
queen and slim travel to new auckland to
the house of her extreme
uncle o a pimp for help on their own is
reluctant
queen convinces him to ate them since he
had previously helped him
avoid jail for the accidental killing of
her mother
slim proposes that they escaped cuba and
all tells them that when he was
serving in iraq he saved the life of a
mr shepherd
who would be able to help them get there
from miami
queen and slim eventually take one of
own's cars and head towards
florida as they continue the drive in
the morning the couple's car breaks down
they take it to a black mechanic whose
teenage son
jr expresses his admiration for them who
have now become widely recognizable and
a symbol
the next day queen visits her mother's
grave with slim and shares her
grief over the relationship she had with
her mother
elsewhere at a protest in support of
queen and sling
junior pulls again on a black officer
and impulsively shoots him in the face
and is subsequently killed queen and
slim get to the home of the shepherds
but a neighbor recognizes them and swat
team shows up outside shortly after
the shepherds while eating dinner tell
them about the bounty on them
fifty thousand dollars each and give
them directions to the next person able
to exist them
during dinner mr shepherd suddenly tells
queen and slim to hide in a crawl space
under the bed in their room
until the course is clear soon after the
swat team
bust through the door and search the
house
the following day they emerge from the
crosshairs and exit the house to the
backyard via the window
at which point queen dislocates her
shoulder
the pair gain access to a rare garage
and slim relocates queen's shoulder
causing her to cry out loudly in pain
this attracts the notice of one of the
officers posted outside
the front of the house when the young
black officer asked his partner if he
heard the noise
the older white officer condescendingly
tells him to go and look
as the couple attempt to flee from the
staffer's garage
the black officials stumbled upon them
that let them go
the couple then drive the car to the
place where they are to meet the next
person
but it is in the middle of the night and
no one is there
they decide to sleep in the car until
the morning
in the morning they are suddenly
awakened by a man pointing a shotgun at
them through the window
he tells them to follow him to his
trailer as he can
lead them to your friend with a plane
that can get them away
after making some calls he drives them
to your tarmac and drops them off where
a plane is waiting to take home
as the two walk towards the plane a
squad of cough arrives behind them
a cop on a loud speaker keeps ordering
the pair to get on the ground
which they ignore a cop shoots queen in
the chest instantly killing her
devastated slim picks up her quotes and
carries her towards the cops
leading them to gun him down as well
means the tragic end to the manhunt is
public science
and the couple's real names angela
johnson and ernest heinz are made public
the man who dropped them off at atomic
is shown in his trailer counting a large
amount of cash
indicating thought he in fact was
working with the police and received the
bounty as a reward
hundreds of civilians attend their
funerals and view them as malteers and
heroes